---
published: true
hidden: false
title: 5 Signs Show You've Been Bored With Him
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: chung-to.jpg
custom_excerpt: There are days when you will be amazed when the girl you love so long has not kept the integrity of the emotional that they both together in those years.


---

Love is one that no one can conceptually define or define and when we start we never know when it will end. We often tell each other that love, do not care or worry about tomorrow because the more thought the more party days will be easier. But the fun must also tan, the party when the time comes to the destruction of the following signs from women.

No more passionate about what you do for her
When love is budding at the moment of the brightest page, when two people come closer together a little more is the moment of passion at the most salty stage. But then after a while, she realized that we are inherently not belonging to each other.

At the beginning, whenever you make her something, even small things will make her heart tremble with pleasure. Because then your girl knows that the feelings that you give to her are something worth cherishing. But after a period of mutual understanding, the girl now realizes that her heart is no longer headed for you, and that everything you do becomes a burden instead of happiness as before.

She is no longer warm with the bouquets you give, the jewelry you buy or the laughter you want to bring after a tired day. If it was before, she was constantly grateful and smiling and embracing those gifts, now that smile has become so helpless. It was time to let you know, her feelings were not as original as before.

Take time and share with your friends instead of with you
People love each other all day long and tell each other what they encounter. But when people did not want to share anymore, then they proved they were out of love.

No longer love does not mean that hate or hatred is simply a feeling now that it is so pale that people do not even bother to date or confide in you every night. You know, your girlfriend will not spend all your time with your friends, eat, sleep together, learn together, play together, until your lover is the world. Then, when the end of love, the body again is the summer fashion that every year must be.

Or worse than that, she will spend time to meet and get to know new friends and have new relationships. Be more cheerful, more intimate and more likely to meet them than you. At this point, if you ask her, "I'm bored to see you so?" Then she would "Oh". So do not be foolish to do yourself to hurt! Girls who are no longer salty will become cold so scary.

She often reveals bad things that she did not do before
"I'm not as good as you imagined" or "I'm not worth you to be so good to me" will be her lines of mouth now.

When someone likes you you do not like them you will often try to make them hate them so they do not like you anymore? People often like that. If there is a day when your cute girlfriend becomes ugly, ugly or becomes a greedy person you have never known, do not be surprised. Because when you are out of love, no matter how good or how good you are, there is still a thorn in their eyes.

If you love someone, they will sympathize with each other's bad habits and things will become familiar and they will never blame you. But if you laugh at her now, you cry, she's also upset, and you say something, she also yells at you, it means that people are so disgusted with you. To the level of the face always.

No matter how hard you try, it will be redundant
You recently saw her change. Have no fun and eager to meet them with you as always. Messages sent to you every night is also gradually. Then you see her suddenly have more friends and often say "I'm going out with you" to avoid you. You feel that your relationship is blurring uncontrollably but you do not want to lose that relationship. You try to spend a lot of time and take care of each other to save the situation. But…

Whatever you do, she is also coldly indifferent as if she did not. Do not care, not to belly your efforts, even leave you coldly turned away without saying that. Your girlfriend has changed. When your love fades away, try your best to do just that. Your actions are just redundant in her eyes.

I want to focus on learning more
"I want to focus on my studies or my career at the moment rather than love" is the most heartbreaking statement that anyone has ever witnessed in partitions. At this moment, your heart is bursting into pieces, is not it? But rest assured, we will be fine. What will be over and will also be forgotten by the years. Do not be too hurt because after reading the 4 signs above you have also predicted your future.

Be strong step forward whether today she said it or not, with the expression is enough to prove that your girlfriend does not want to give you love anymore.

No matter what tomorrow is, how bad it is today will be limited by time units. When there is enough evidence to show that the girlfriend does not want to give her feelings anymore, then hurry to conclude and break up soon less pain. Let yourself be given the opportunity to be the last person to say goodbye before being severely mercilessly offline! Finish then be strong pass but do not be afraid to do the boys.