---
published: true
hidden: false
title: What do you do, want a strong marriage couple do not ignore these
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: lam-gi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Wanting to have a strong marriage, couples do not ignore it.


---

Always greet with sweet gestures
Welcome the enemy with a kiss when they come home from work. Or an intimate encounter will bring warmth and happiness to the mate when they finish a tired day.

Show your help
"Men especially want their wives to be the ones to help their partner," said marriage expert Rachel DeAlto. "They want their partners to motivate and help them. Even if you are not very content with everything you do - there is no need to worry about it - try to be a solid backstop for your husband. "

Let your partner know what you do, or wherever you are every day
Create the habit to tell the enemy where you are or what you do every day. This will be the most effective way to share your spouse. When you hear the message, the enemy will tell you what they are doing, how you do not need to suspect or interrogate. This is also a way for both volunteers to inform each other, not easily cause conflict or doubt is not worth it.

Sex is always necessary.
Sex is demand, but must be voluntary, not forced. If you have no regular desire, find out why. You may want to have regular sex but your partner does not want to. Also learn about your partner. Do not force yourself, do not force your partner. Sex is indispensable in marriage, but it only makes life better when both of them volunteer. In this way, the couple can be more comfortable and understand each other.

Express your respect and gratitude to your partner
Do not forget to say "thank you" to your partner every day. It's just a small thing, like a cup of coffee, a cup of coffee in the morning ... But thanks to this will make the enemy feel cherished, also make them understand you grateful to them even things. the smallest. Do not think what your spouse does for you is natural. They also need to be appreciated to know how much you love them. This is a way to get married and cherish each other better

Talk to each other about your feelings
No communication in marriage is the quickest killer of marriage. Let your partner know when you're happy, when you're hurt. Most people who love you want to know what they can do to make your life better. Husband and wife are like that. They can not always know the thoughts or feelings of the enemy. So, make it clear to each other, help each other easy to share and understand more.

Sending messages to each other
People often think of sending messages only when they are dating, which is no longer necessary when they are home. But in fact, messages like "I miss you", or "I love you", sometimes as "I look forward to seeing you" is very necessary in marriage. Because it can make the person feel happy and can share more things together. And do not make the following messages just tasks like picking up or doing something for dinner ... Give the couple the romance they both made when dating, will warm up the feelings of the couple more.

Be good with your spouse
Studies show that divorced couples tend to be rude and treat each other in arguments. For a stable marriage, avoid these and try to be nice to your partner even if they are so contradictory.

Do not let the anger control you.
Whether you agree or not when you are arguing, talk clearly when you are calm. Anger can break the marriage easily. And when you are angry, you will not find a solution to the problems that both of you pour into each other.

Ignore conflict
In the lives of couples, no matter how big or small they are, they are not just silent and the problem of self-resolution. Sometimes it is possible to fight a bit longer than to extend the conflict until it is no longer resolved. When one is angry, the other should remain calm to master the situation. But anyway they will have to face to resolve their conflicts. Therefore, ignoring conflicts or resolving them as soon as possible will help keep your family happy.

Do not compare
With happy couples, they never count on their tasks and who will work more. Everyone knows what they need and must do. Sometimes they do not complain if the whole task of the opponent from bathing the child, cooking ...

Couples will always divide their work so they will never quarrel and their lives will always be happy.

Not stick together like sam
They like to be together, do everything but they understand everyone needs a space for themselves and they respect it. There are many things we like but the enemy does not like. Instead of hobbling, nagging, or forcing you to do something, support him to pursue and devote time to his personal interests. Give your space your own space to feel at ease.