---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Take the man by reading the body language
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: bat-bai.jpg
custom_excerpt: If your man eats like elephants like tigers, does not subtly enjoy the taste, so that means when in bed he also ...


---

His smile lasted for more than six seconds: he was lying
According to one study, men laugh more and more, the more they make women believe in what he says. To cover the truth does not want to tell you, he will use this deadly magic, if he lied, he would laugh more.

Detecting false smiles is not as difficult as you might think. True smile lasts from 2 to 4 seconds. If his smile lasts longer than 6 seconds, then definitely he is hiding you a "story".

Fake smile will cause both sides of the body lack of balance and harmony. If he is right-handed, then the corner of his left mouth when he's cheating will be higher. And this is similar if he is left-handed, when cheating is false, the right corner of the mouth will rise higher.

Fast talk speed: He was not sure what he was talking about
If he was talking normally, he would speed up the conversation, which proves he was not sure what he was talking about. In the subconscious mind of man, if he encounters the subject he does not want to say, he will have the thought "expect this moment to pass quickly," he hopes you can finish the subject immediately speaking, The feeling of insecurity in his heart.

He shook his head slightly: he meant to you
Many people say that shaking head is synonymous with refusal. Actually, shaking his head does not just include such simple implications. Psychologist said, shaking head is the innate behavior when people are born. When breastfeeding, the baby will shake his or her head lightly to allow more milk to be drunk.

This is similar, when he talked to you, he suddenly shook his head unconsciously, which proves that you made him remember the old sense of satisfaction of being breastfeeding. Research findings, intense psychological cues are often the prelude to love, if you see him shake his head slightly unconsciously, you do not hurry that he is not satisfied or not like you.

He touched his ear: his soul was hanging upside down the tree
The gesture in his ear indicated that he wanted to stop the boring conversation. At this point, you should consider whether you talk about dry or not much time.

The guy driving the car: Expressing love on the bed
The way he drove could reflect how he made love on the bed. If he drove in a calm manner, it showed that he was very confident in himself, and he was interested in the feelings of his partner on the bed.

If he is extremely impatient when driving, frequent whistle, swearing, it will be the same as the way he made love on the bed. He hurriedly, only interested in your sexual needs meet and ignore your emotions.

How he enjoyed the dish: reveal his attitude on the bed
Eating can reflect his "sex". If he liked to eat, he demanded a tasteless dish, and when he ate, he also made a sound of satisfaction, meaning that he would enjoy it very much.

If he "eats like elephants like tigers", does not subtly enjoy the taste, this means that he treats you in bed. He just wants to immediately satisfy the feeling of "no", completely ignoring the sophistication or presentation of the dish as well as when you are in bed. For him, just swallowing him or the food in his stomach made him satisfied.

Long or short kiss time: reveal how many minutes he spent for the prelude
Kiss him for how long you stay in bed he will spend as long as it takes to tease your sex appeal. The kiss symbolizes his imagination about sex, it is also the feeling, the gentleness he wants to express to you. His skill of knitting more and more demonstrates his ability to make love as the dominant.