---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Women who are single, married or divorced should remember this for a lifetime without anxiety
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: phu-nu-doc-than.jpg
custom_excerpt: Here are some tips to help the woman unbutton the knot in her heart.

---

Women must remember this, choose a man to love him, not choose the one you love. Even if he is poor, he is the one who loves you honestly.
Because the heart of a woman is inherently soft, when you feel the feelings of the enemy, automatically you will love him. Men, on the other hand, always rely on women's emotions and then play on the power. That will make your heart hurt.

Take whatever new place you want when you have the chance. Travel is a great way to get new experiences and knowledge and make you feel young. You will feel more alive when you leave home more often.

To pursue true passion, you must first listen to your voice, to understand what you really want?

Life is the most pity when you go, but do not know where you are going, what to do? Time does not wait for anyone, it goes through will not be able to return.

So, if you are too tired of your current job, apply now. You do not want to go to school anymore, take a break. You are living in a family enclosure, going out, going out to your own world of dreams, waving with it.

No matter how difficult you are, how hard you are. Then you will pass, as the happiest women are themselves.

Always be the woman who makes men crave. With men, the more difficult it is for them to appreciate. But then, keep up the good work if you do not want the boredom that keeps them from leaving you

Do not foolishly make the choice between you and their mother, their answers will only hurt you.

Remember, men often exaggerate feminism in the work of the union, that women can do this, take charge of that and in fact women are prime ministers, but many When the wife is eager to participate in social activities, the wife will move faster and faster than her.

Love those who dare to put your pictures in your wallet or save the bites on your hands. Because such people will be willing to take responsibility for your life. They work hard every day to become a good man of the family.
