---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Women must learn to love before falling in love without being hurt
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: la-phu-nu.jpeg
custom_excerpt: Remember, love teaches you how to love, share, even hate, but absolutely does not teach you to let go.


---

As a woman, you must learn to love yourself first. Because if you do not love yourself, how can you love others?

As a woman, you have to learn how to be "beautiful", what should be kept, keep it and what should be thrown away, do not regret it to pull it back.

Sometimes, when you are a woman, you have to learn to be "cruel," for those who do not need tolerance, if you can not retaliate, never forgive.

As a woman, you have to learn to give up. In this life, there are things never, forever never belong to me. Whether you win, find any way to pull or die for it, it will not be yours.

Then why do you have to ruin your happiness to pursue those nonsense? Smile accept, welcome tomorrow.

Women must learn to love before falling in love without being hurt

As a woman, you may love the present man, who may be your husband, maybe your boyfriend. Love is love, but do not let your emotions become too dependent.

The life of a woman is always tragic when she can not control two things: money and love. Still know the love is not wrong but women put a foot in mind one thing: The best lesson for life is never to put eggs in a basket, especially in love. Love is always a lesson in which there are always two things women need to master: learn to love yourself and learn to love others in the right way!

The past is the past. The future is yet to come. I do not know how it will be. The present is all. This is enough. Born to be a girl, is known to suffer. But happy or miserable, partly because of myself.

As a woman, you have the right to make the mistake of feeling yourself weak and always need a shoulder to lean on, but above all, women always demand equality with men. That is the contradiction of the lack of wisdom women, because the wise woman is always fair to yourself,

As a woman, there may be children or no children. Single or married, living in the crowd or living for yourself, but the most important thing for a woman is independence in behavior, self-control in life and dare to do it.

Everything will pass. But what is it that women want to pass it on? Then many times have to learn to say the heartache ... Because life is not all rosy, but life is very Silver.