---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Intelligent woman is to do this new men respect
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: phu-nu.jpg
custom_excerpt: Indifferent women and certain earners will have a place in love and even in marriage.


---

Independent women must know how to make money - both to satisfy their own self-esteem and to share the economic burden with the man beside them.

But knowing that money is not dead because it must know where the stop is. By the fact, many women always consider money as the whole, the truth of life.

They think that money will make them happy, no money to make them angry on others. They do everything to make money, and consider it a measure of a happy life.

But in fact, these women are not appreciated and appreciated. Money is important, but it's not worth it to trade it all.

What is the use of women in men?

These are probably men's meals, men's travels. If a woman couples with a foreign man, there is a photo to show everyone they have a boyfriend West, to go here and bring more knowledge.

Which beautiful beautiful can also be great crabs, eating supper is not really good, is also funded business trading for money.

Be a woman with self esteem in love.

Today, feminist feminism, what men do women can do. Maybe women do not make as much money as men, but women also know how to earn money to support themselves.

An independent, financially independent woman will have a good place in love. Women can do a job that does not have a high income, but must be stable and well-fed so that they do not depend on anyone.

If you are independent, you will find yourself a place in any situation. If you consider men to be money printers and are comfortable spending their money, they will surely have day despising you.

Because women's parasitic life will gradually make men understand their real value, thereby creating new demands, assumptions and rules that women must follow as a rule. in writing.

Remember, when you have money, you will have a fair, equal voice with your lover, or husband. He will have to think before the problem you give instead of negating it.

Respect for love, especially in marriage, is always required. If you want to be fair, first of all be fair to yourself, be in control of your life, be an independent woman.

