---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Independent women and a certain amount of money will have a place in love
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: doclap.jpg
custom_excerpt: I always say to my friend, "You can love anyone, be handsome, be ugly, be rich, be good and be poor, just like you like and be peaceful when you are with them. keep on loving But remember, no matter who you love, you still have to live independently for me. "


---
Independent women must know how to make money - both to satisfy their own minimum self-esteem and to share the economic burden with the man beside them. But to make money is not dead. . Some women always consider money to be the truth of life. Money will make them happy, no money left them to vent their anger. They do everything to make money, and consider it a measure of a happy life. But in fact, these women are not appreciated and appreciated. Money is important, but it's not worth it to trade it all.

Another type of woman I'm referring to here is an independent, financially self-reliant woman. Women can do a job that does not have a high income, but must be stable and well-fed so that they do not depend on anyone. Do not take money from men, but spend as much money as you do. People give you 1, then you should be grateful and try to pay them back over. A relationship that shares, equality of money can last long and lasting.

Independent women will find themselves in any situation. If you treat men as money printers and are comfortable spending their money, they will despise you. Although they will still provide you with enough funds, it is clear that in their minds, they will not respect a woman who can only afford to pay for it.

When you have money, you will have a fair say, equal to your lover, or husband. He will have to think before the problem you give instead of negating it. Respect for love, especially marriage, must always be respected in all respects. If you want to be fair, first of all be fair to yourself, self-control of your life.

From that, you will learn how to master your life, not depending on the emotions or dispositions of others, to face things in a fair and balanced way as you wish.

