---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Never leave eggs in a basket, especially in love
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: phu-nu-a.jpg
custom_excerpt: Love is always a lesson, in which there are always two things women need to master, learn to love themselves and learn to love others in the right sense.


---

As a woman, you have to know when and how far away. An intelligent woman is supposed to know when to be near men, when to let him have his own quiet.

Do not bother men with questions like what you are doing, where. So, do not be fooled into loving "shackles" for you lest he bore you.

As a woman, you must learn to love yourself first. Because if you do not love yourself, how can you love others?

If you are a woman you have to learn to be "cruel", for the silver guys do not tolerate, if you can not take revenge, never forgive them.

As a woman, you have to learn to give up. There is something in this world that never and never belongs to you. Whether you win or die for it, it will not be yours. Why do you have to ruin your own happiness to pursue those nonsense?

As a woman, you have to learn to forget the past. You can not remain in the sweetness of a past, though it is sweet, beautiful to where you can not always return. The past is only the past that can not change, it is important to do what the future is more wonderful than the past.

Some people have learned the words, today may be all bright pink, but tomorrow may be different. Therefore, as women, we must always be prepared to deal with the worst.

Still knowing love is important but as a woman, you may very love the present man, that person may be the husband, maybe the boyfriend. Love is love, but do not let your emotions become too dependent.

Although the love is not wrong but women should always remember one thing: The best lesson for life is never to put eggs in a basket, especially in love. Love is always a lesson in which there are always two things women need to master: learn to love yourself and learn to love others in the right way!

As a woman, you may choose to have children or have no children. Choose to be single or married, live in the crowd or live for yourself. However, the most important thing for a woman is her independence in behavior, dare to do it.

As a woman, you may choose men or not, but remember that you are never destructive and needy of yourself. Be happy women by women who are happy always love themselves, independent, material and spiritual self.

