---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Hold on to him
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: dauhieu.jpg
custom_excerpt: Please refer to some signs that prove "good man" below to "not let him escape" nhé!


---

He is always with you

An ideal boyfriend will always be with you no matter what happens. Even when two people are angry, he still cares for you. You can talk to him about the difficulties and pressures that you face. In the guy, you can be yourself and do not try to be strong or perfect. If your guy has all the above criteria, please respect him and do not let him slip.

He always makes you smile

Although he does not possess a sense of humor, you still smile whenever you think of him as a very positive sign. The guy who deserves to give you all the love will give you a sense of happiness, optimism and joy in any situation.

He does not hesitate to introduce you to his family and friends

When loving you, he will be excited to introduce you to his family and friends. Not only that, he also find ways to let people know how important you are to him.

He does not try to change you

There is nothing worse than a partner trying to change you at his will. If you really love and think for the enemy, he will accept your hobbies and personality. Instead of trying to change, he will try to change himself to find a common voice between the two.

Act more than words

Words need to be proven by action. Otherwise, they will only be cliché and lack of sincerity. Instead of loving the wings, the actions of caring and caring for the time when you are sick or in trouble are the most obvious manifestations of the man's true heart toward you.

You are No.1

He will love you sincerely will be willing to put aside the pleasures to love the lover. Then, your priorities become his priority and he will do everything to do them. Sure, no woman does not fall in love with a guy like that.

He respects your relatives

If you really like him, he will always want to know about you and your relationships. You will easily find that the man is actively concerned and ask about your loved ones often. When you meet your friends, he behaves in a respectful way to show respect and make the best impression. Therefore, do not be too angry to see him too close friends. Maybe he is looking for ways to strengthen "allies" support their relationship only.