---
published: true
hidden: false
title: A love handbook for middle aged men
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: trung-nien.jpg
custom_excerpt: Nobody is rich without having to work hard, always learning and progressing. The attraction, the happiness in love, the love is the same.



---

Do not let the women alone try or think "naturally" lazy, because happiness will not come to you.

At any age, people still pay attention to their emotional life and attractiveness. Middle age is a problematic age, with both men and women in crisis, including emotional problems.

Men often think that attraction is natural and that they can hardly do anything to change it. When having problems in relationships, they often blame, get angry with women, their spouses, or people refuse them. However, if men recognize their problems and find ways to overcome them, they not only improve their affections but also their attractiveness.

The attraction of happiness in sentiment is unnatural

How to become attractive
Attraction is within the brain of the other person, whether that feeling is good or bad. Studies show that the attractive response to women can come from certain actions, gestures, or appearances. And you should be aware that what you consider attractive may be completely ineffective, for example, the image of a guy in a motorbike is more attractive to men than to women.

The biggest mistake in the affair
It is when you think that men and women think and act the same way. So, men choose to work out to have a beautiful body, thinking that it will appeal to women, but in fact, women pay more attention to personality. Women do not like to be praised too much, as opposed to men. Confidence and curiosity to know more is the most attractive thing to women. You should talk, communicate more with women to understand how they think, do not necessarily have the "intention" behind.

What makes the appeal of middle-aged men?
That is your life. At this age, you have built a certain foundation for both your life and your personality. Let her see them from the best angle. And at this age, you've also learned to express yourself in body language, in style and in action. You can confidently step into any place, speak calmly wise. Confidence speaks volumes about you and is the greatest attraction to women.

Most of all, you have to take responsibility in both relationships and things in your own life, thus correcting mistakes and improving oneself. Only young newcomers will always blame women for failures in the field. As you learn and improve, even if you are not a star, you also make yourself and your life better.