---
published: true
hidden: false
title: These 7 special characteristics in women make men remember forever
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: nho-mai.jpg
custom_excerpt: Many women seem less attractive, but many men around, while many beautiful beauties are lonely.

---

She has beautiful hair
Women who have beautiful hair will always make men more sympathetic and want to learn more. So, if you still think that your hair is fine, perhaps you should seriously invest in a proper hairstyle or hair color. The more chance you have a lover.

The girl has a sleek shape on high heels
This is the reason why so many women show off their high heels more than clothes. As you move smoothly on high heels, in the eyes of men, it is strangely attractive.

She's a bit stupid
In the movie, you must be so accustomed to the image of a handsome rich man who falls in love as a dumb fool, doing nothing in the movie. And really, there are so many types of love in the world. When women are a bit stupid (a little bit), it is easy for men to feel the need to wrap.

The girls wear red
In a study of the psychologists of the University of Rochester, the United States men were shown photos of women wearing white and red. Then they were asked if they wanted to date any of those girls. The end result is that red women are more likely to date than white.

Girls with freckles
You sure will not believe it right! But it is the truth! In the eyes of men, freckles are not a big problem, even it makes women look more prominent.

A natural smile, charm
Perhaps, the most beautiful women are when they smile. Many girls are afraid that a comfortable and natural smile can ruin their image in the eyes of others. On the contrary, do not worry, because the fact is that it is not accurate!

Because all men in this world want to see girls express their emotions naturally and openly.

She is independent
Sophia Loren once said, "Charming looks are 50% of what you have, 50% of the rest is what other people think you have"

"Not a woman born is beautiful, but if she's not 30, she's not a pretty woman, so she's a silly woman," said the 20-year-old fashion woman, Coco. Chanel.