---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Secrets to SAY men like being beaten
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: khong-can-xinh.jpg
custom_excerpt: Women just need to master the following statement will make men drunk as long as charmed.

---

Raise him

Let him feel that he is very important in your life now and forever. This means that you should not pay too much attention to all your wishes, but how do you make him smile because he really feels his role?

Always making him curious

Men like to explore, so let him see you always a mystery that he can not fully understand. Having loved each other so long and everything between them becomes too comfortable do not hesitate to warm up their relationship. A bit of mystery in you will make him think of you and feel grateful to have you.

No objection if that night he wants to be alone

You need to give your guy some space and time alone so he can ponder, solve his own problems. This will be one of the ways to make a happy guy.

Make your mother good

This is a difficult task every girl has to face but should not hide. Whether he is the kind of man who hears his mother or not, he will also unconsciously care about what his mother says about you. You can be tough, but you always have to keep a smile on your lips and keep a neutral attitude.

Do not let him fall into a state of doubt, have to choose between mother and lover. The best way is to always let his mother "win", always agree with her and maintain a stable attitude even in the case she has a negative attitude.

You NEED to self-set up but NOT self-sufficient

He needed a woman who could survive without him and not die without him. When you feel too reliant, you will "step away" from you. And he will do the same if you are too "hard" and seem to have him well without it does not matter. Be balanced. Do what you good and do not put you in comparison to yourself.

Sex is very important for most men

So if you and he has been married and sex has become a habit in his life then surely you always need to bring him the experience and excitement of the pillow. To make new love between the couple, you can use sex toys or explore new ways to "love" to surprise and delight him!