---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Do not come near the land to regret for these things
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: nu-ho-yeu.jpg
custom_excerpt: Have you ever imagined what the last years of your life would look like? Happiness or regret forever about the unfinished?

---

People often think that watching someone take their last breath makes us feel very sad, but it also draws many lessons about life.

Bronnie Ware is a nurse who specializes in palliative care for people close to the land, helping them feel as comfortable and relaxed as possible before the moment of death. She recorded countless stories of them and the regret they exclaimed before moving on to the afterlife.

Have you ever imagined what your last years would look like? Bronnie wrote about this in her blog, "Inspiration and Chai." And here are the five regrets she had heard most from the patients she had cared for along with her words about them.

May I have the courage to live with myself when I am young, rather than live up to the standards that others want
Look in the mirror and think, have you lived all your life, and what is preventing you from doing it?

"This is the thing that most people regret when they are about to die. It's not hard to see how many of their dreams they have lost in the dark. Most of us do not really cherish half of our dreams. There may be a few people recognized, but as long as we are healthy, our freedom will exist, unfortunately we only realize at the last minute, "wrote Bronnie Ware.

I wish I had not been busy working until I had forgotten everything
This is not to say I understand. Material values ​​like money, wealth ... will never be valued by love, family, friendship. So as long as you are alive and healthy, take care of everyone around you instead of just having a job.

May I have the courage to express my feelings
How is it that when you say your feelings become very important to your life as you grow up?

"Many people choose not to express their feelings because they do not want to or fear to break the current relationship of the two. As a result, they choose to be a normal part of someone's life, even though they can become a better part of themselves, "said Bronnie Ware.

I wish I kept in touch with my friends
Do you have a friend that you treasure extremely that you have not talked or communicated for a long time? Do not wait for them to contact you first. Be active with your friends. Then you see how wonderful your friends are.

"Everyone misses their friends before they leave" - ​​Bronnie Ware shared.

May I allow myself to live and feel more happy
One day you suddenly wake up feeling sad, depressed life? What can you do to change that?

"This is a great thing too many people have regretted. Little may be known, but happiness is an option. It lies in the habits or preferences of each of us. Both mentally and physically. The fear that everything changes makes us deceive ourselves that we are satisfied with the present, deep down inside, we all wish to live or do what we have been doing. "- Bronnie Ware confided.

Is there any regret that you can see in yourself in this list? Or is there any regret you feel should be added?

This is the alarm bell for so many of us about the value of life.