---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Offensive this way, he is indifferent must also collapse
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: tan-cong.jpg
custom_excerpt: Just using the few tips below, you can quickly get him immediately intoxicated.


---

Inadvertently touching
Touching the body inadvertently is considered the fastest step to develop the intimacy of two people. You can gently touch your arm or shoulder while talking. This action is that you care about him and make him pay more attention to you.

Make a surprise for him
Want to attract the attention and charm him, you bring more surprises for the enemy. A self-prepared lunch, the gift was suddenly donated to him as well. Just enough to make him pour enough ".

Understand the guy's hobby
If you notice your small habits and hobbies to make them a subtle interest, then you will be surprised and happy. Gradually, he will like you and love you right away.

Humor
Guys like to have fun with her. With such girls, he will be more comfortable and optimistic. You can give some witty comments or make funny, funny feelings for him. Surely he will "pour" to see.

Body language
This is also considered an important factor to attract and seduce him. Just the look of his eyes, gentle smile, sweet voice, subtle gestures enough to keep him awake because of your silhouette.

Listenable
A woman who listens is always appreciated by men. They need a woman by their side, who listens and responds to the stories they share. Make sure you score absolutely in his eyes.

