---
published: true
hidden: false
title: 5 things to remember to make a GOLD marriage
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: lose.jpg
custom_excerpt: The following five principles will be the bag you bring to help you always have a happy marriage.


---

Love, share and trust

When married, married as husband, there is no reason not to trust each other. Therefore, always show yourself trust the enemy, so that the enemy also feel secure about themselves.

There are things, just say, share, the couple can understand and understand each other more. No matter how hard it is, being supported by others is what everyone wants. Do not be afraid to ask your spouse what you have in mind. Because they will be the strongest support for you, so you can rely on and feel more secure.

Absolutely loyal

The principle of a golden marriage is 'loyalty'. If unfaithful, married life will definitely break. No one accepts betrayal and lies in love. Only the husband and wife jointly, suffering the same will continue to cultivate happily ever after.

Share the housework together

The husband always thinks, the housework is the only thing for the wife. That is the wrong view. Homework is the work of both men and women. Being married, when there is work to help each other. It can not be a wife's job then her husband does not. Men or women have to share hands, share the burden of work together.

Respect the interests and relationships of the enemy

Even if the wife is husband, but should not be too tense control of each other's time. Need to create each other the sky. Respect the relationship of your wife, husband, or control should not be too jealous. Once life is free, the family is warm.

Do not forget the romantic sweet things

Many people said that married, then do not need romantic, say goodbye as beautiful as love. It is wrong to think so. Being married, the more you have to create a sense of sweetness, the more you have to act romantic to warm up the feelings that are burdened by the rice money swept away. Occasionally, create surprises for the opponent whether it is just to give a flower or say a word of love or to organize early birthday for her husband. This will make your marriage life never bland, boring.