---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Husband and wife who do not have 3 signs will soon leave each other
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: 6dauhieu.jpg
custom_excerpt: Here are the true signs of the happy marriage, the couple who do not have 3 can soon leave each other.



---

Share the joy together

Charles and Elizabeth Schmitz, a psychologist and co-author of Bulding a Love That Last, say that having a partner with whom you can share your stories, interesting moments in life is very important. important. Many happy couples consider the other half a good friend. Things like telling each other the odd things of the day, things happening in the company, on the street or with friends will help the couple get closer.

Overcoming the difficulties, challenges

In the days after the wedding, you will have many challenges in marriage. And if the other half is always with you when things go bad and you pass it, I believe that nothing really can affect your feelings. In fact, couples who have a strong belief in each other, the marriage will last longer.

Husband and wife share the house

Love experts argue that couples do not have to clearly assign homework to each other. Sometimes divisions are easy to offend. Both should contribute to their common house. It should not be because your husband forgot to change the diapers irritating you, the husband should also his wife washing dishes, cleaning the house. Helping each other helps us understand the hard work of both parties and contributes to sustainable marriage.

Both of them value dinner

With the current rhythm, dinner is usually the only meal of the day that the couple are sitting together, eat comfortably without any hurry.

With happy couples, dinner is very important, no matter how busy they try to go home and have dinner with their partner. Out to eat with friends, but not too often or they will go together for dinner that day.

Go to sleep the same hour

Remember when you were newly married, you always go to bed together with an hour and warmly together. But that seems to have changed over the years?

Try to sleep together. Do not bring work or work alone when you are in bed, both should focus on the other half, hugging them in the lap and chatting before falling asleep. Maintaining the habit of confiding every night will make the feelings both better and happier.

Hug

Hugging each other to celebrate the victory, hugging each other to share sadness, hugging each other for no reason is what the couple happy or do.

In particular, they are never far away from sleeping. When he began to fall asleep, his wife always buried her face in his warm chest. But by midnight, when his wife had fallen asleep, he would gently slip away when his arm was weak, but his legs were always firmly attached to his underside.

