---
published: true
hidden: false
title: How long it is enough to decide to share rice rice
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: cau-hoi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Marriage is a great way of life, so it is not possible to rush but it takes time to understand the enemy. How long does it take to find out how much love you have before you decide to move into the same house?

---
Congratulations if you have found your half and feel extremely harmonious in every way. It may be that the two of you have been together for only two weeks, and you may have spent eight good years, and both of you have determined that marriage is the destination for this love. Is it time to think about getting married, or does it take more time to get to know the person? What is the best time to make an appointment after the time it takes to find out?

The question of when a couple should marry has been studied by scientists based on multiple surveys. Suppose, if the answer is that after 3 months can understand a relative enough to decide to move to a common home, whether people need to date for 2-3 years or longer? In other words, if dating is an important part of determining which one is right for you, then how long will you gather enough information to know how to "pin" a proposal?

Researchers at Emory University surveyed more than 3,000 people in the United States on dating and marriage. Although this study focuses largely on married couples' spending, it also includes many other related factors such as post-marriage breakdown and the finding that:

Couples who have been dating for one to two years before reaching a divorced marriage are about 20 percent less likely than couples to marry after only a few months of marriage. And couples who have been dating for 3 years or more have a lower divorce rate of less than 50%. From this result it can be seen that the time to learn the enemy before a few years can be helpful and help your marriage to be sustainable later on.

However, these results are only relative and not suitable for everyone. Because couples who meet and start relationships at the age of 21 will be different from those who meet when 31 or 41 ... Each age will have psychoanalysis with different ideal types, not to mention the circumstances of life. And the human life is also very different.

In addition, some couples come together from strangers, others are friends for a while before deciding to become lovers. And one interesting point to note is that if both of you feel great mate at the time of marriage, the divorce rate is down a lot.

Instead of focusing on the time you spend dating, consider other things to assess whether you are ready for marriage. For example:

Do you think the marriage as the restart button for the affection of both?

Marriage is a sacred bond between two people, but that does not mean it will help heal or rekindle the affection of the couple, especially those that are already unhealthy. Do not think marriage can change someone better, this is also one of the reasons many couples in the first two years of marriage are in crisis. Because once a marriage is considered the key to solving a problem, it can lead to disillusion.

Did you really understand each other?

One issue that has made married couples more disillusioned is that the partners have changed so much, unlike the one they once loved. But who actually got married easily changed or did not understand the enemy before deciding on the same house? Do you understand the outlook for your boyfriend / girlfriend's spending? Or what if they become parents? Learn more about the hidden corner of the partnership will help your marriage less conflict later.

How do you think you will be happy?

You want the future to be happy, so keep up your wish, do not compromise and lower the criteria to please the enemy. If so, it is like you are gradually deviating your path to the pursuit of happiness. Once you feel really happy in your current relationship, you are more likely to do bigger things with your partner and the chances of getting divorced are also reduced.

Are you married because of the "fatal attraction" of the enemy?

Sometimes, the most attractive point of the enemy that we are also the heart will kill our feelings. Felmlee's research, DH (1995), points out that these "fatal attractions" usually come in a certain form, such as "she is extremely enthusiastic", "he is extremely friendly" ... and they We are most attracted to the time. But when the climax of love passes, do you still love and want to stick with the enemy?

Marriage is not one day two, it is important to find out the long-term compatibility of yourself and partners before deciding to build a home together. Do not be a point of "fatal attractions" that rushed a hundred years.

Do you expect that everything will be different in marriage?

Before you get married, how often do your relationships take place? Are you a high-level couple? Many people believe that marriage will give people a lot of new experiences, while also disappointing utopia. But the fact is, the conflicts and troubles of the couple after marriage are almost identical to what they experienced as a mistress. Instead of marrying by thinking that this will help you both happiness and limit conflict, take the time to resolve common conflicts first, and challenge the level of tolerance for each other before going home.

How do you "live trial" before marriage?

Today couples often live together before marriage. The reason they do so is to verify the harmony of the opponent, as well as anticipate problems that may arise in the future marriage.

And cohabiting couples with real reasons like finding out the responsibility for "rice money" are more likely to be disappointed about the other person, as well as less confidence in the relationship in the long run. Couples who live together for other reasons, such as wanting to spend more time together, are more likely to marry.

In short, there is no fixed dating time, so that couples based on that make the decision to get married. Instead of how important dating is, you'll learn more about the other person, their thinking, their lifestyle and their harmony. Do not just marry for love long or because of "deadly attractive" at first sight. Because it's a risky bet, that marriage wants to be sustainable, it needs to be built on the basis of long-term understanding and harmony.

