---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Do not get married when you do not understand these 5 things at the enemy
tags: styling react styled-components
twitter_large: true
image: 2711.jpg
custom_excerpt: If you do not know about this partner, do not marry yourself.

---

Marriage is a great thing of life. But the thing to worry about is that sometimes just because a few very small factors can cause the two to divorce after a short time. Although we can not know everything about each other, there are things only after the marriage can understand and experience.

However, while still in love, there are several things if you know you will avoid the difficulties and suffering later. If you do not know about this partner, do not marry yourself.

Finance

We are not selfish and exploited, but reality does not allow you to dream too much. If your loved one is in debt and you are completely unaware of this, after marriage, you will definitely fall into a sense of extreme frustration and find yourself ... tricked.

If you really want to stick with the long, best way to be frank and honest about financial issues. When you understand the enemy, acceptance or non-belonging to you. This way you will have a better mind when entering the marriage.

Thoughts and feelings about the children

Marriage can not be happy if each person has a different attitude and attitude about the issue of children. He likes to have more children, while only hear the baby cry you have cringed for fear? Or he wants to have a baby soon after marriage but you want to play a few more years. There will be no happiness.

When you love, talk about it. Both sides need to express their thoughts and desires in their children. This will definitely be a big issue that you have to go through after marriage and if not find a common voice, the breakdown is unavoidable.

Health status of lover

This is not going to break your love. However, when you understand the health of your partner, you can have ways to protect yourself and your future baby if your "half" does not have any problems with your health. can be transmitted.

Pre-marital health examinations are a necessity that couples who love each other intend to marry should do.

Objective, dream career, work

This may sound unrelated, but it is actually a factor that greatly influences the future family happiness. When you do not understand the desire and direction of your opponent not only support them but sometimes disagreements.

Talking about the future, about what you want in your career helps you understand each other better and prepare yourself. If the partner wants to go further, want to do this, that, you support and accept it? Only when there is agreement, support and support each other's dreams, later marriage can be sustainable.

Worries can happen as wives want to go to work, want to advance in the career but her husband to stay at home only to raise children, caring children ... This conflict will certainly push marriage to the brink of collapse . Therefore, the two parties need to have a clear attitude and share their views as well as career dreams.

Know how to integrate with the family of the enemy

This is quite important because family is sacred value who want to keep it. When you get married, it does not mean you live with someone you love but also know how to live and integrate with your family.

While loving, you not only need to know the personality, attitude, feelings, interests of your lover but also need to learn about the family of the enemy.

After this, you will have to live and be in touch with many of them, if you can not find the sympathy and stick with your spouse's relatives, marriage will certainly affect.

You need to understand the family's style, habits, habits, and ways of thinking to quickly integrate in the best way after marriage.